Dr. Nicholas L. Depace, M.D., F.A.C.C.

Dr. DePace is a noninvasive cardiologist who specializes in valvular heart disease management and coronary artery disease prevention and reversal (regression). He also specializes in the treatment of autonomic functions. He has been practicing cardiology since 1983 and has published leading articles in the field along with co-authoring the book, The Heart Repair Manual. Dr. DePace tries to treat his patients holistically, naturally, and medically and when possible, tries to avoid bypass and other invasive procedures.

Dr. Nicholas L. DePace, M.D., F.A.C.C., is a noninvasive cardiologist who specializes in valvular heart disease management and coronary artery disease prevention and reversal (regression). He also specializes in the treatment of autonomic functions. He has been practicing cardiology since 1983 and has published leading articles in the field along with co-authoring the book, The Heart Repair Manual.

Dr. DePace tries to treat his patients holistically, naturally, and medically and when possible, tries to avoid bypass and other invasive procedures.

Credentials:

Associate Chief of Cardiology Hahenmann Hospital, Drexel University, Philadelphia,PA
Professor of Clinical Medicine Hahenmann Hospital, Drexel University, Philadelphia, PA
Fellow of the American College of Cardiology. Graduated from the prestigious Mount Sinai School of Medicine, 1978
Cardiology training at Likoff Cardiovascular Institute, Hahnemann University, 1983

Authored and co-authored over 100 articles, abstracts, and textbook chapters

Co-authored The Heart Repair Manual: The Philadelphia Formula for Preventing & Reversing Atherosclerosis, W.W. Norton, New York, NY
Five Board Cirtifications
Internal Medicine(ABMI)
Cardiology (ABMI)
Echocardiology(NBE)
Lipidology (ABCL)
Nuclear Cardiology (CNBC)

Obtained the rank of full clinical professor at the age of 33, the youngest full professor at that time in Philadelphia
Currently does faculty teaching at Hahnemann University
Formerly on the Board of Editors,American Journal of Cardiology(10 years)
